This before, or I tried this once,
and then it was and not a great success.
Okay.
Not great quality.
So it's like you get like a summary,
you get a summary, like a written one.
Yeah,
so now we get the literal transcripts.
I'm actually seeing it happening on the
right, so I'm going to have to hide that,
Ah.
otherwise it's distracting.
But then we're, so for the retreats,
Dieter and I are planning a hackathon.
And.
Mhm.
The lab will be divided into smaller
groups, each with like a little project.
And one of the potential projects is to
come up with a way that you can get
Mhm.
automatic summaries and action lists or
meetings.
But you're going to need some input,
some transcript or a recording.
Very nice.
Sure, sure.
Yeah, sounds good. Perfect.
Great.
S.
Okay, how are you doing?
Very good,
so maybe I will just share my screen.
Yeah.
Just go a bit through.
So, can you see my VS code?
Yes, I can.
OK, so.
I've been doing this week.
It was just integrating the validation
thing,
like just trying to use the markers from
the paper for different cell types.
Mhm.
Ohh, nice, yeah.
And then just not looking at the
handcraft features for now and just try
to cluster using both embeddings from the
different models now, not only new spire.
Mhm.
And combining it with RNA sec, right?
And just see...
Yeah, exciting.
How can we interpret or validate?
So you also implemented the other models.
That's also very nice.
Yeah, yeah,
so I will show you first some some full
outputs I got from like just processing
100 cells.
Mhm.
And now I'm running the one with all the
soft cells, which is still running.
For this one core, I assume that's...
Yeah, so exactly,
so here it's still running.
Mhm.
And these ones are the outputs just for
the 100 cells.
So I will just show you what kind of
outputs I'm getting, when I want to,
Okay.
Mhm.
how I want to interpret it now,
and what stage I am.
No.
So you can give me some.
Can you first tell me a bit about how was
it to implement these other image
foundation models?
Were they easy to implement or?
Alright.
Yeah, very, very easy, yeah, very,
very similar to to no spire,
Okay.
so no problems and no problems with also
calling them and and downloading the
Okay.
weights,
so no limitation in terms of like how
Nice.
many,
how many I don't know how is it called
require no when you ask for for the like.
You know, like some from from APIs, no,
when you use some APIs or some libraries,
Dependencies or?
you have a certain,
sometimes you have limited number of
accesses per week or per day or whatever.
So this is was one of my main concerns.
M.
Because for example, if you go to,
I remember this course I had in the
masters was like about finance.
So you have an API,
you can download data from different
companies in the stock market,
but you can only access the data just a
few times per day.
Mhm.
So I didn't know if this is the case,
but it's not. So it's good.
Nice.
And did you already look into this
rotation or not yet?
So, yeah,
I have some things to tell about this,
Okay,
well then just go in the order that that
so I was thinking...
Yeah.
you feel is best.
Yeah, I think I will mention it now,
because if not, I think I will forget, so.
..
I changed some things.
I'm still trying a few things to
understand what's the optimal way to do
it. But looking in detail to Newspire,
I just realized that they are not
training the model using crops.
Mhm.
So now I'm trying to see what I get
without using the crops.
Just like doing the crops,
but don't masking them. Sorry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So not masks, sorry, not so crops, yes,
but not masks.
Mhm.
So now I'm using the only the crops with
no masks for new spire.
And for the other ones,
I'm just trying to understand if it's
better to do the masks or not.
And if I do the masks,
I have maybe to align them.
So I'm just trying to iterate and just
see the different ways which is better
Yeah.
and what makes more sense.
Yeah, yeah.
I could imagine that if you don't mask,
So, I'm still there.
there is more information available.
No.
So I imagine by some metrics it will
perform better because tumor cells might
Yeah.
Hmm.
have also more tumor cells around them,
right?
So the surrounding cells carry
information also about this cell.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.
But it would be ideal if
both work because then you can kind of
think,
Okay.
am I now doing an analysis that I want to
incorporate neighborhood information or
am I doing an analysis where I want to be
blind to neighborhood information?
Yeah, sure.
But I think for your whole pipeline,
Exactly.
Right,
it's independent of this choice and it's
just something that's towards the end you
can switch on and off the mask.
Yeah.
Exactly, so that's my way of doing it,
right?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
I don't know if I don't remember if now I
can just switch it,
just take me just one sec.
I think I can. I think I did it. Yeah,
right.
So I can apply or not the mask, right?
So now I'm just trying.
Exactly.
Whatever you feel like continuing with
and exploring,
and then at some later stage,
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
we can contrast the two choices.
Exactly, exactly. So yeah,
so what I'm getting now is just trying to
have like this kind of like just closing
the loop of the methodology, right?
Like you were,
you told me last week just to maybe go
M.
more into the validation part now,
and I totally agree,
Mhm.
so I was just working on this.
Trying to close close the loop and to
have like a ready a closed way of of
Mhm.
analyzing the performance of the clusters
and interpretation. So, you see here,
Mhm.
for example,
this is the first output I got from
analysis,
which is this kind of clustering index,
like how...
Mm-hmm.
good are the different modalities
clustering.
The things I also consider the number of
clusters for the metrics,
for some of the metrics which are
relevant.
So the how good its clustering is that
now defined on the spatial features or on
the gene expression features?
So, yeah, so depending on the modality,
right? So,
Mhm.
if you are using only the models,
you just use the embeddings from the
Mhm.
models, and you are using,
I'm using a number of PCAs, of PCs, sorry,
50.
Um...
And then when I'm combining them the same,
right, 50 and 50,
Yeah.
so I get embeddings more balanced.
Also exploring this.
And now you can see here.
So this is only the clustering score,
nothing about interpretation,
biological meaning.
And this is interesting here what I've
seen interesting,
and I think it's also repeating the same
pattern in the other output,
we can go maybe later into that,
Mhm.
is that only embeddings with no RNA
they cluster better.
So it's going in the same direction as
before.
You remember with the handcrafted
Mhm.
features,
we were getting better clustering somehow
and with embeddings with no RNA the same.
So it seems that so far that
morphological information is way easier
to cluster.
Yeah, so, but yeah,
better means that the clusters are more
separated based, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So,
and then if you combine it with RNA,
Mhm.
is the second block,
and then RNA alone is the last one, right?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not, uh, well, yeah, I...
I didn't really have an expectation for
morphology per se, but for the RNA,
I know that it's difficult to get
well-defined clusters,
Mhm.
so I'm not surprised that there the score
is low. For the morphology,
Mm-hmm.
I'm curious what morphological features
are separating the clusters.
Yeah.
Because I really didn't a priori have
expectation if it's very well separated
Yeah.
or not.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so for that I will use the handcraft
features, right? I didn't do it yet,
but for this will be useful,
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah.
the handcraft features. But for now,
what I'm doing now is just using another
metric as well,
which is the purity of the clusters.
So what I'm doing here is for each cell,
I'm taking the gene expression, I'm
taking the genes which are relevant in
this list of gene markers,
Mhm, mhm.
doing the z-score,
and then turning it with a soft max in
the probability and just trying to match
the cell type based on probability of
being of 1 cell type or the other.
Mhm.
M.
metric for that.
So how pure is the cluster in terms of
cell labeling?
And also I have a class which is
anonymous, which is, I have a,
I defined a threshold of probability.
So if you don't have like more than a
certain probability of a segment,
you just assign these anonymous cell type.
Mhm.
So this is the purity thing.
So this would help us somehow to validate
the clusters.
So the first part would be just how.
how the metal is clustering and the other
one will be how good these clusters are
Mhm.
in terms of cell labels and so the labels,
right?
Mhm.
No, no.
And this is the, for example,
this is quite poor, right?
This I have to improve because the cell
adaptation.
The so the labels are assigned,
like you see here,
the different cell types which were
assigned for these 100 cells.
The.
And you also have the P,
which is the probability,
like the mean probability before
assignment. So, for example,
Mhm.
for the tumor cells, in average,
they were assigned even if they had like
0.19 probability of being tumor cells.
But still, it was the largest probability.
Mhm.
In England.
Yeah, yeah.
I would for sure not try to optimize cell
for those cells, right?
type labeling because that is a field
unto itself.
That's essentially my whole project.
Okay.
OK.
I think...
Rather than using a.
And.
the cell type labels as a kind of
intermediate,
Okay.
I would try to go directly from the genes
to a score. So essentially how,
for example,
like the silhouette coefficient for each
gene across the defined clusters or, yeah.
OKOK.
Yeah, something like that.
And then you can have for each of the
models,
you can have a distribution over all the
Yeah.
relevant genes that you defined.
And then you can take the mean.
Okay, so you can define maybe.
Yeah, yeah,
I think it's a bit safer because
So.
otherwise your evaluation is very much
dependent on how well you can infer the
Mm.
cell type.
I think if you go directly from the gene,
Mhm.
it's more interpretable. And then we can
Mhm.
M.
either ask us or maybe we can do it
ourselves,
actually use an established tool for cell
type identification that will give you
Mhm.
labels to work with.
I think otherwise you risk that you sink
Okay, yes, sounds good.
a lot of time into trying to make this
better, which is
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, guaranteed, not that easy.
Okay.
Um...
Okay, yeah, sure. Sounds good.
So he's more looking at the clusters
themselves, right?
And having like a distribution of
expression of the clusters and based on
that,
trying to assign like the most probable.
Yeah.
Yeah, or just even, because all your,
you now have a clustering metric that's
based on the feature space that was used
for the clustering,
Okay.
but you could also compute the clustering
metrics using always the
Mhm.
predefined gene express, like genes,
cell type genes.
No.
And then you use the same features to
define a clustering metric for all the
Yeah.
different embeddings,
which I think will make it also a bit
more comparable, right?
Because then it's not only are they more
Mhm.
well defined or more separate in their
own feature space,
but are they also more well defined when
we look at gene expression space across
Mhm, mhm.
all all embedding spaces?
Okay, perfect. Yeah, sounds good.
Yeah, sounds good. No, actually,
it's way better, actually, because, yeah,
but when I've seen this, it was like,
okay, maybe, maybe we could,
we shouldn't trust,
or we shouldn't do it this way.
Yeah, it's pretty difficult stuff.
And then, you know,
once you have the cell type labels,
you technically want to also kind of
Yeah.
Beautiful.
explore them in a bit more depth to
validate how reliable they are. It's a,
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
it could, for example,
be that you get low scores because the
marker genes that...
that that paper uses to identify tumor
cells are just not a very high quality in
Mhm.
our data set, for example.
So then it becomes immediately very
Yeah.
Yeah.
difficult. Yeah, I'm thinking what's.
What's easiest? After this meeting,
I'll send Christian a message to ask him
to run some cell typing tools on this
data set so that you have semi-reliable
labels to work with.
All right, I know, OK. OK. Sounds good.
Thanks. That is great.
That's great, so yeah, so...
This is the same with no probabilities.
And yeah,
M.
so then I was just normalizing all the
scores, doing like a geometrical mean,
penalizing also if we have too much
anonymous cells and just having like an
Mhm.
overall score.
Mhm.
So this is just the same,
but in terms of the overall score.
And then I started doing, yeah.
OK,
so your new spire seems to be the best,
yeah.
Yeah, yeah, so it's the same pattern,
right? First,
the morphological embeddings,
then combined, then RNA,
Yeah.
new spire is doing best,
so everything makes sense in this sense,
Yeah.
so...
It's coherent somehow.
And then I was doing the sweeping,
like you remember what you said in the
meeting, the first presentation I did,
like maybe it's better to sweep between
resolution in Leiden and just have like
Mhm.
an average.
Performance, right?
Mhm.
So,
this is then this is this plot is just
showing the anonymous cells. So,
in this in this analysis, I'm showing you.
Actually,
all the cells were assigned to 1 cell
type because I just put the threshold
very low of the probability. It was 0.
01 because I saw how where the
probabilities are and I was like, okay,
Mhm.
we need to lower it and just let's see
what happens if I just put it close to 0.
Yeah.
Of course, if you put it like close to 0.
5,
you will get like maybe 80% of the cells
non-unassigned, only anonymous.
So I was like, okay,
Mhm.
maybe to show to Franka,
maybe it's better to just assign all of
them.
And then the same, right?
I have the two metrics,
clustering and purity,
and then both combined across the light,
and this is the both combined metrics.
Mhm.
Across the different light and
resolutions.
Yeah.
And yeah.
Do you, could you also plot the same,
but instead of having the lighter
Yeah.
resolution, the number of clusters?
Sure, I don't have it here, but yeah,
of course.
Or is that, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah,
it's just I, because I don't...
have an intuitive understanding of the
difference between a later resolution of
Okay.
one or two,
and that's a bit easier to understand 5
Again.
or 10 clusters.
Sure, I've done this before.
And I'm also curious because the,
I don't know if they kind of fracture
into the same number of clusters at the
same resolution now, right?
Yeah.
No, so I've done these plots before,
then I just took them out.
M.
But before I remember doing it,
and some of them were just continuing up
to like, I don't know, 15, 20 clusters or,
yeah,
and some of them were just staying at 7,
8 max.
Yeah.
So it was really depending on the
modality.
Yeah, yeah,
maybe you can just do it side by side on
the left,
the later resolution on the right,
Okay.
the number of clusters, and then...
Okay.
Can see what plot.
is the most informative for us.
Okay.
Yeah, and from this plot, actually,
of course, we cannot conclude to anything,
and I have to redo it, because if I don't,
if we agree not to use this, of course,
Mhm.
this is not that meaningful now,
but it's still a bit interesting to see
Mhm.
how, for example,
RNA metrics collapse over time.
Mhm.
Then you have like different three
different groups, very established, right?
You have the RNA, RNA plus...
Embeddings,
and then the embeddings themselves,
and you really see the difference.
Yeah, they stabilize to a similar,
similar score. Yeah, yeah. Yeah,
Soon.
I think you can,
if you could repeat these analyses,
but more using the,
like the individual genes or the average
Yeah.
performance over the genes.
And then you can do the same for the
Yeah.
protein markers that are also in the
metadata.
Yeah.
Right.
Those are especially nice because they
are not used for any of these clustering,
Right.
so we can take a bit as an independent
measurement.
Right.
Yeah.
So,
just computing like a kind of like a
purity, right? Based on that,
like the purity of protein markers
Yeah, I.
expression and purity of...
Yeah, yeah, exactly. I don't know.
Off the top of my head,
what like the best single numerical.
Like value might be perhaps a...
Mhm.
something like a syllabus score or...
No.
Yeah,
the biggest difference between the mean
Okay.
expression and the highest,
the cluster with the highest expression
.
or something. Yeah, something like that.
Or the.
M.
Yeah, I will, I will, I will check,
let's see what's best.
Right.
We'll also have a chat with ChatGPT about
this,
Yeah.
like to see which is which are the best
ways of doing this, but that's great,
Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly.
I think that's nice, yeah.
that's great.
That's great. And yeah,
and now I'm just waiting for this
analysis,
which is like with all of the cells.
Yeah.
Yeah,
do you happen to have like embedding
plots of all of new maps of all the
different representations now?
No.
I'm very curious, yeah.
No, I didn't in this one. I didn't do it.
I will do it for the next one.
That.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that would be nice.
And then also,
And...
KPM.
I'm still curious to see also for a
couple of clusters,
Ah, yeah, right, yeah, right. Good,
good point, yeah.
example cells and yeah, yeah, yeah.
And if you're doing the evaluation for
Perfect.
the genes,
I think you could probably also start
adding in the handcrafted features,
like because probably it's the exact same,
Yeah. Yeah.
but just a different variable to throw in.
I think it will be very nice. Yeah, great.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, great.
You made great progress.
Impressive that you managed to implement
so many of the different models.
Yeah.
and already set up a nice version of the
evaluation pipeline.
Now we can just expand on that.
Yeah, of course. Of course, I'll try.
Well, next week we have the retreat,
right?
Yeah, yeah,
next week there's only a Monday and
What?
Tuesday.
A.
Okay,
so maybe the next one I will be able to
show you better.
Yeah, yeah, so after the retreat,
I'm on holiday for two weeks.
Progress.
So there's essentially 2 weeks and two
days now before I'm back.
Okay.
So, when are you leaving?
Because I'm also leaving to Mallorca,
as I said,
like I'm going back home as well.
Uh, J, when was it?
So me,
I'm going from the 16th to the 24th.
Ah, okay, of May.
Yes.
Oh, okay, then, okay, well,
I'm going from the 11th till the 24th.
So then there's only one week after the
retreat where you are working and I'm not.
To.
It's perfect.
So you're on, okay,
so you only essentially have one week and
Oh, it's great.
two days and then we're both back.
Yeah.
Yeah, right. Perfect.
Also,
beware the Monday after you get back,
I believe, is a national holiday.
Yeah?
The 25th.
The 25th, it might be a national holiday.
So I think that's off just for your
Okay.
information,
know that you come to the office and
there's no one there.
Okay, okay, thanks. Perfect.
Yeah.
Great, so let's see.
Yeah, let's see. Okay,
so then for next time, yeah,
So, the...
you can translate these metrics to the
gene and protein.
So, write it down, maybe.
Yeah, features.
And let's look at some new map and some
and the handcrafted features.
Yeah.
Uh, some images of OKI for clustering.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and the UMAP visualization of the
What else?
clustering, yeah.
Are you maps?
Yeah. I mean,
try to work on it in an order that makes
I'll.
sense to you, right?
It's not nice to completely switch around
Young.
all the time.
If you're now in the validation,
True.
I would suggest to 1st focus on that and
bring that to a place that you're happy
Yeah.
with.
And then maybe go back to the U maps and
OK.
images.
Mm.
Whatever order works for you,
you also don't have to have it all
complete by next time,
but I think these are essentially the
Yeah.
next steps, like you, you're right.
Okay, okay, sounds good.
Sounds good.
And also, another thing I have to,
I have another deliver,
so I have to deliver again the the
document of my thesis on May 12th.
Mhm.
Okay.
So there I have to show some preliminary
results. So I just wanted to ask you,
like,
should we ask for permission this time or
not? Or these plots are not very...
Like, I can share it.
It's an internal document, right?
It's not a public presentation or no,
No, no.
it's fine. It's fine.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I will just show some, like,
maybe just this kind of like analysis,
right, like these kind of plots.
Exactly,
like if you could make a nice schematic
overview of the different parts of your
project and then you can show a little a
Yeah.
little result for each of them.
I think there it might be nice to have to
Perfect.
you map something very visual and some
nice. Yeah,
Yeah.
I think it's nice to have like.
the U map and then for like three
different cluster you showed 3 cells so
Yeah, yeah.
that it's kind of intuitive what people
are looking at. Great. Yeah,
Yeah.
Read.
the 12th of May you said, right?
Do I need to sign something for that or?
No, no, no, nothing, nothing yet,
at least I was not asked for.
But.
Okay, yeah, feel free to share it with me,
then uh...
Yeah.
Sure,
and also the last thing Irene told me,
you know Irene?
Mhm.
They extended the period,
so it was like until this Friday,
the last day for the scholarship,
but they extended it one week.
Mhm.
Ohh, that's nice.
The the we don't like you sent the new
Okay.
version right and or the signed document
and now we're just waiting for the for
So.
them to agree or disagree on the.
No, so, so yeah,
so they sent us the first version.
PMC did some comments, right?
And now my uni did some comments again,
Mhm.
and now PMC has a document again.
Oh, they send it directly to the PMC?
I think so.
That's what the internet told me that
they are just, so they iterated again.
So now PMC is the one who has to iterate,
Okay.
Okay, because I didn't see anything,
but that's fine if...
so they extend the deadline for one.
Maybe they just contacted directly to
each other. I don't know.
Okay, okay, good.
Because I didn't see it neither.
I had to ask.
Let me see if I, if I missed something,
because...
No, I don't think so. Well, maybe you,
but me, I didn't receive anything.
Okay.
I had to ask.
So now let's see how it goes.
Okay, let's see.
I will send an email to this Jeroen guy
to ask if it came back to him,
not that now it's with someone else. Yeah.
Oh yeah.
To someone else, yeah, yeah,
that would be nice, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, fingers crossed so that it works.
But do you know,
Okay, great.
did Irene say whether they did a lot of
comments or if it was small things? Okay,
Don't know.
we're going to see.
The smaller the better.
I don't know.
Let's see how it goes,
and if we don't manage to do it,
No, no.
no problem, but yeah, just...
No, it's, I mean,
it's quite a bit of money, right?
So let's hope it works out.
Yeah, yeah, but you see, like, Indian.
Everything is for random.
Sometimes you just cannot manage to do it
and it's fine. But if we manage it,
it's better. But if we don't, okay.
Yeah, it's better. Okay.
I will send Jeroen an email after our
meeting. Yeah,
I also wanted to say I'm now working
Okay, thank you.
today on collecting some other data sets
that have this spatial proteomics and
Nice.
hopefully annotation. So I have
Oh yeah.
Two data sets in mind,
I can share with you.
Mm.
Mhm.
So, one is from...
Mmh.
Um...
The show.
So it's from the manufacturer of the
cosmics themselves,
and it's in principle a nice data set,
but I already found out that they don't
Ohh.
include any cell type annotations
themselves. So
Yeah, that is.
M.
If we really want a label-based
evaluation,
then we would again need to jump through
some hoops to define our own labels,
Yeah.
which is kind of what I want to avoid.
But they do have six,
Yeah.
so they have the spatial transcriptomics,
and then they have 64 protein stainings.
Mhm.
on top of that. So those would be, yeah,
quite, like if this,
Yeah.
if you now play around with using genes
or proteins to define clustering metrics,
Yeah, yeah.
if that works out nicely,
then maybe this data set
Yeah.
No.
could be nice. However,
there's also another data set that
Mhm.
Christian pointed me to words. Let me.
Mhm.
Sent you.
I was just about to read the paper. Oh,
it's a horrible long link.
Hmm.
I think there is also a shorter link.
Oh, wow.
Let me get you the shorter.
It's not even working, this one.
Let me edit it.
I think it's not working. Let's see. No,
it's not working.
Yeah, I don't know why it's such a, yeah.
Okay.
This one I think is the right link and it
also looks better. Yeah.
Yeah.
This one is an example.
So this is a paper that describes a
general workflow on how to combine
spatial transcriptomics and spatial
proteomics. And as one example,
Mm.
they have on the same slide, codex and
Cosmic, so that's figure 6. In the right,
top right corner,
you can see which figure it is.
It says that's figure one, yeah.
Ohh yeah, right.
And
Figure 6, this one.
Yeah, yeah, so I'm still,
so it's a bit of a,
the figures are a bit chaotic,
but here there is in the pink and A,
Yeah.
the pink box single cell in depth cosmics,
codex cosmics.
So that's the two different technologies.
There are also multiple cores, I believe.
Yeah.
And there they do have cell type
annotations based on the spatial
proteomics, so not the transcriptomics.
And that's good,
Ohh.
because then it's a kind of independent
annotation.
Mm-hmm.
And they have also the data available for
download. It's just
all in a format.
Ohh.
that I'm not super familiar with,
but it seems well documented,
Okay, let's just put it down.
it seems reasonable.
So I hope that with some plot codes,
Yeah, yeah.
it won't be a lot of effort to make it 1
unified object.
Sure.
So I will also read this paper today to
understand a bit better what's happening.
But that could then be a nice...
Yeah.
Yeah,
a nice toy data set to actually have some
Holiday, yeah.
labels validate,
and then there you can also compare if
you have protein and gene-based
clustering metrics,
you can see how they compare to
label-based clustering metrics.
Yeah.
So hopefully I will get that still in
summer,
Mm-hmm.
in a rough shape before I go on holiday.
And then you can play around with that as
KPM.
well.
Sounds amazing.
Sounds very good.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Perfect.
Okay, I think that's...
It's nothing else.
No, I don't think so.
From my side.
I suggest that in the week when we're
both back.
May, you start in March, April, May,
so then you're a little bit over two
months in.
We should plan an interim assessment,
which is common for internships that are
run by the Utrecht University.
Mhm, mhm.
Okay.
And maybe we can...
Yeah, we just...
Sit down again, see where you are, uh,
and maybe it's then...
Mhm.
Maybe then we have enough insight to kind
of really set the goals for the remainder
of your internship to kind of see what
kind of products we would like to get out
of it.
Mmh.
But yeah,
we can do that when we're both back in
its life and it's a bit nicer.
Perfect. Sounds good.
Okay, perfect.
Then I will send a message to Christian
Very good.
and I will send the email to Jeroen and
hopefully everything goes smoothly.
Mhm.
Let's see.
Yes. Okay. Well, I'll see you next week.
Let's see. Very good.
Perfect. Thank you so much.
Have a nice weekend. Bye-bye.
Same for you, ciao.